# ProblemDetail

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Type** | **string** | A URI reference (RFC 3986) that identifies the problem type. This is only an identifier and is not necessarily a resolvable URL.  | [default to "about:blank"]
**Title** | **string** | A short, human-readable summary of the problem type. | 
**Status** | **float32** | The HTTP status code (RFC 7231, Section 6) generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem.  | 
**Detail** | **string** | A human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem. | 
**Instance** | **string** | A URI reference (RFC 3986) that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem. This is only an identifier and is not necessarily a resolvable URL.  | 
**CorrelationId** | **string** | A unique identifier for the request, used for NWS debugging purposes. Please include this identifier with any correspondence to help us investigate your issue.  | 

## Methods

### NewProblemDetail

`func NewProblemDetail(type_ string, title string, status float32, detail string, instance string, correlationId string, ) *ProblemDetail`

NewProblemDetail instantiates a new ProblemDetail object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewProblemDetailWithDefaults

`func NewProblemDetailWithDefaults() *ProblemDetail`

NewProblemDetailWithDefaults instantiates a new ProblemDetail object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetType

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *ProblemDetail) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.


### GetTitle

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetTitle() string`

GetTitle returns the Title field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTitleOk

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetTitleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTitleOk returns a tuple with the Title field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTitle

`func (o *ProblemDetail) SetTitle(v string)`

SetTitle sets Title field to given value.


### GetStatus

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetStatus() float32`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetStatusOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *ProblemDetail) SetStatus(v float32)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.


### GetDetail

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetDetail() string`

GetDetail returns the Detail field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDetailOk

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetDetailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDetailOk returns a tuple with the Detail field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDetail

`func (o *ProblemDetail) SetDetail(v string)`

SetDetail sets Detail field to given value.


### GetInstance

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetInstance() string`

GetInstance returns the Instance field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInstanceOk

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetInstanceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetInstanceOk returns a tuple with the Instance field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInstance

`func (o *ProblemDetail) SetInstance(v string)`

SetInstance sets Instance field to given value.


### GetCorrelationId

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetCorrelationId() string`

GetCorrelationId returns the CorrelationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCorrelationIdOk

`func (o *ProblemDetail) GetCorrelationIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCorrelationIdOk returns a tuple with the CorrelationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCorrelationId

`func (o *ProblemDetail) SetCorrelationId(v string)`

SetCorrelationId sets CorrelationId field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


